---
rank: 6
isComplete: false
---

<span class="investment__name">[Ponce de Leon Health](http://www.pdlpharma.com/)</span> was founded in Ireland in 2012 by Norman R. Weldon and Thomas D. Weldon and seed financed by the Weldon Foundation and by the Buck Institute for Research on Aging. Over more than a decade The Buck Institute has identified multiple metabolic pathways that slow aging and delay frailty in several model organisms. The Buck identified pathways can be influenced by various drugs, diets and behaviors. Ponce de Leon Health (PDLH) is extending those studies to vertebrates and to humans. PDLH is limiting its studies to combinations of compounds that are available as off-the-shelf substances that do not require drug approvals by the FDA. The objective is to delay aging in humans by several years using multiple "generally regarded as safe" compounds that PDLH will sell to customers just as vitamins and minerals are sold today. The major difference is that the PDLH will have scientific evidence that its product will delay age related frailty in vertebrates, and perhaps eventually have similar evidence in humans. By avoiding the expense of FDA approvals, and by eliminating the delay and expense of insurance company reimbursement, the daily cost of PDLH compounds will be about 3% of an equivalent pharmaceutical product. Ponce de Leon has raised seed and Series A financings and is in process of raising a large Series B financing round. Commercial sales via the Internet are scheduled to begin in mid-2019.